Create `install.sh` script (#119)
decidim/docker: install/README.md

# Decidim Installation Guide 🗳️

This guide will help you install Decidim on your own server, even with minimal technical knowledge. We'll walk through everything from setting up a server to launching your democracy platform.

## 📋 Table of Contents

1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
2. [Step 1: Create a Server](#step-1-create-a-server)
3. [Step 2: Connect to Your Server](#step-2-connect-to-your-server)
4. [Step 3: Configure DNS](#step-3-configure-dns)
5. [Step 4: Install Decidim](#step-4-install-decidim)
6. [Step 5: Configure Email (SMTP)](#step-5-configure-email-smtp)
7. [Step 6: Security & Firewall Setup](#step-6-security--firewall-setup)
8. [Step 7: Complete Setup](#step-7-complete-setup)
9. [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

---

## Prerequisites

Before you start, you'll need:

> - **A domain name** (like `example.org`) - you can buy one from any domain registrar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **A domain name** (like `example.org`) - You can buy one from any domain registrar
```

> - **Patience** - the installation takes about 20-30 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Patience** - The installation can take about 20-30 minutes
```

## ✅ Step 7: Complete Setup

### 6.1 Create System Administrator

During installation, you'll be prompted to create a system admin:
- **Email**: Use your admin email
- **Password**: The installer will auto-generate a secure password
- **Save the password!** You'll need it to log in

### 6.2 Access Your Decidim Instance

1. Open your web browser
2. Go to `https://decidim.example.org/system`
3. Log in with:
   - Email: Your system admin email
   - Password: The password shown during installation

### 6.3 Configure Your Organization

Once logged in, you'll need to:
1. Set up your organization details
2. Create your first participatory space
3. Configure user registration settings

### 6.4 Background Jobs & Maintenance

The Docker setup includes automatic background job processing using Sidekiq. Here's what's running:

**Background Processing**: 
- Sidekiq handles email sending and other background tasks
- Automatically restarts if it crashes
- Monitored and managed through Docker Compose

**To manually check Sidekiq jobs:**
```bash
# Check Sidekiq status
docker compose logs worker

# Restart Sidekiq if needed
docker compose restart sidekiq

> ```

Reviewer 2: take a look a this
